Clyde inaccuracy
----------------
At the start of the level, park Pac-Man in the safe zone (the right side of the T, facing up). Clyde should wind up circling an I-shaped segment to the left of the ghost house, but instead he turns to the right and eventually gets Pac-Man.

At the distance Clyde turns, Clyde is 45 tiles^2 away (6.7 tiles), well within his "shy away" distance.

However, *at the moment the choice is made*, Clyde is a tile higher, so he's really 52 tiles^2 away (7.21 tiles), which means in our version he won't shy away.

To fix the issue, we need to apply at least one of the following changes:
  1. Broaden Clyde's range from 7.0 tiles to 8.0 tiles
  2. Broaden Clyde's range from 7.0 tiles to 7.99 tiles
  3. Use the tile Clyde is moving into, not the tile Clyde is at, as the basis of the decision

I've applied the second fix for now, but need to verify that it is correct.


Ghost reversal bug
------------------
This is a tricky one. First, clear the dots to the safe spot, and get killed. Now go to the safe spot, facing north as usual, without eating any dots, and watch Clyde carefully. During the second chase mode, Clyde will begin circling the horizontal bar to the left of the T clockwise. As Clyde completes his sixth orbit, the mode changes to scatter, but Clyde reverses in a strange way, pulling off some kind of strange double reverse.

The exact sequence is:
  * Clyde's eyes look to the west in preparation for a turn to the west, as expected.
  * Clyde centers himself on the tile. His eyes still point west.
  * Clyde begins moving in reverse. His eyes still point west, which is clearly wrong.
  * Clyde centers himself on the first tile north of where he was. Clyde's eyes point south and he begins moving west, even though Clyde is not allowed to move west there.
  * After moving one tile to the west, Clyde's eyes point west and he begins moving south.
  * After moving one tile south, Clyde resumes normal movement.

Found the cause. ScoreNorth is zero because northward turns are banned in the tile he's in. Since all other directions are banned too, Clyde's direction doesn't get updated.

Attempted solution, probably wrong: instead of computing next turn, always set TurnDir to the reversed direction. This has a quirk of its own: with the same starting conditions as before (Pac-Man dies, then waits in safe zone without eating dots), at one point Pinky reverses while turning north and then heads south and into Pac-Man. Moreover, I think an older version of the code worked this way and there were corner cases where it produced very wrong behavior.

For now I'm working around it by relaxing the ban on northward turns: they get a score of 1, not 0. This *may* cause a ghost to sometimes turn north, but only in the case where all other turns have scores of 0 or 1 -- a situation that's probably either impossible or extremely rare.


Blue ghost bug
--------------
Ghosts turn blue for one frame in later levels instead of only reversing direction.


Possible wraparound bug
-----------------------
The upper-left corner of the maze is considered (0, 0). This can cause underflows with Inky's and Pinky's logic. Do not fix this bug until looking into the next bug.

With the previous bug, when Pac-Man is at the very top of the maze and facing up, Pinky's target square should go way below the bottom of the maze. This means Pinky should retreat to the bottom in this situation. He does not. Thus, while Pinky *looks* like he's behaving sensibly by staying near Pac-Man, there may be a bug in his steering. The steering algo uses quasi-signed numbers, though; maybe an overflow winds up correcting the issue.

I'm not sure the two bugs fully cancel out; Pinky's score for "northish" might be too high. If so, this would remove "westish" and "eastish" from the steering computation.


Killer scared ghosts
--------------------
(5:24:02 AM) furrykef: wow, that was weird
(5:24:20 AM) furrykef: I was playing it myself and I ate an energizer and collided with a ghost on the same frame
(5:24:26 AM) furrykef: The ghost turned blue and I died anyway


This bug might or might not exist in the current build. (Seems doubtful that it does, but haven't formally tested it.)


To be implemented
-----------------
Hide status bar while playing intermissions? (original game does this)


Do eaten ghosts ever reverse direction with mode changes?


Only reset ghosts' dot counters at the start of a new round, not upon player death.

For two-player play, don't forget that the ghosts' dot counters need to be associated with each player.


Sound effects can be done with math: http://www.brettapitz.com/?p=538
